Update Punchh Dynamic Code Generation liquid (#7828)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/message_orchestration/channel_extensions/loyalty/punchh/code_generation.md

The following `ClaimType` names can be used to ensure the uniqueness of guests and coupons:

- `campaign_id`: represents the system-generated Punchh campaign ID.
- `email`: represents the user's email address. 
- `first_name`: captures the user's first name. 
- `last_name`: captures the user's last name.

To use the Punchh dynamic coupon code API, a JWT Token must be constructed. Add the following Liquid template to your Braze dashboard in the message body of the channel you'd like to use:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% raw %}
```

```liquid
{% assign header = '{"alg":"HS256","typ":"JWT"}' | base64_encode | replace: '=', '' | replace: '+', '-' | replace: '/', '_' %}

{% capture payload_raw %}

{
  "campaign_id": "CAMPAIGN_ID",
  "email": "{{${email_address}}}",
  "first_name": "{{${first_name}}}",
  "last_name": "{{${last_name}}}"
}

{% endcapture %}

{% assign payload = payload_raw | replace: ' ', '' | replace: '\n', '' | base64_encode | replace: '=', '' | replace: '+', '-' | replace: '/', '_' %}

{% assign unsigned_token = header | append: "." | append: payload %}

{% assign secret = "DYNAMIC_COUPON_GENERATION_TOKEN" %}

{% assign signature_raw = unsigned_token | hmac_sha256_base64: secret %}

{% assign signature = signature_raw | replace: '=', '' | replace: '+', '-' | replace: '/', '_' %}

{% assign jwt = unsigned_token | append: "." | append: signature %}

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% endraw %}

```

Replace the following:

| Placeholder        | Description                                          |
|--------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| `DYNAMIC_COUPON_GENERATION_TOKEN` | Your dynamic coupon generation token. |
| `CAMPAIGN_ID`                     | Your campaign ID.                     |

### Step 3: Append coupon code to message body

#### Link to Punchh web page

> To link to a Puncch-hosted web page, add the Dynamic Generation URL provided in Punchh Campaign creation UI and replace `GENERATED_SIGNATURE` with `{{jwt}}`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To link to a Puncch-hosted web page, add the Dynamic Generation URL provided in Punchh Campaign creation UI and replace `GENERATED_SIGNATURE` with `{% raw %}{{jwt}}{% endraw %}`:
```

```
https://example.punchh.com/request_coupons/XXXXXXXXXXXXX?sign={{jwt}}
```

When a user clicks the coupon URL, they'll be redirected to a Punchh-hosted web page, where their generated coupon will be displayed.

![Example confirmation message after a user successfully generates a coupon code.][1]

#### Extract code via JSON as plain text

To return a JSON response, add `.json` before the sign query parameter of the Dynamic Generation URL as shown in the following snippet example:

> ```liquid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% raw %}
```liquid
```

https://example.punchh.com/request_coupons/XXXXXXXXXXXXX.json?sign={{jwt}}

> ```

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
```
{% endraw %}

``````

You could then leverage [Connected Content]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/connected_content/making_an_api_call/) to insert the code as plain text into any message body. For example:

> ```liquid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% raw %}
```liquid
```

{% connected_content https://example.punchh.com/request_coupons/XXXXXXXXXXXXX.json?sign={{jwt}} :save punchh_coupon %}
{{punchh_coupon.coupon}}

> ````

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
````
{% endraw %}
``````

| `CAMPAIGN_ID`                     | Your campaign ID.                     |

### Step 3: Append coupon code to message body

#### Link to Punchh web page

To link to a Puncch-hosted web page, add the Dynamic Generation URL provided in Punchh Campaign creation UI and replace `GENERATED_SIGNATURE` with `{% raw %}{{jwt}}{% endraw %}`:

{% raw %}
```
https://example.punchh.com/request_coupons/XXXXXXXXXXXXX?sign={{jwt}}
```
{% endraw %}

When a user clicks the coupon URL, they'll be redirected to a Punchh-hosted web page, where their generated coupon will be displayed.

![Example confirmation message after a user successfully generates a coupon code.][1]

#### Extract code via JSON as plain text

To return a JSON response, add `.json` before the sign query parameter of the Dynamic Generation URL as shown in the following snippet example:

{% raw %}
```liquid
https://example.punchh.com/request_coupons/XXXXXXXXXXXXX.json?sign={{jwt}}
```
{% endraw %}

You could then leverage [Connected Content]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/connected_content/making_an_api_call/) to insert the code as plain text into any message body. For example:

{% raw %}
```liquid

> {% connected_content https://example.punchh.com/request_coupons/XXXXXXXXXXXXX.json?sign={{jwt}} :save punchh_coupon %}

Reviewer: Its ok if we change the variable names from the original, but lets make sure that these are descriptive variables instead of `example` or `XXXXXXXXXXXXX`. Additionally, the variable should be all caps (as that is apart of our style guide).

{{punchh_coupon.coupon}}
````
{% endraw %}

#### Link image inside email content

> To link the coupon code inside an image, add `.png` before the sign query parameter of the Dynamic Generation URL as shown in the following snippet example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To link the coupon code inside an image, add `.png` after the Dynamic Generation URL, as shown in the following snippet:
```

{% raw %}
```liquid

> <img src="https://example.punchh.com/request_coupons/XXXXXXXXXXXXX.png?sign={{jwt}}">

Reviewer: Its ok if we change the variable names from the original, but lets make sure that these are descriptive variables instead of `example` or `XXXXXXXXXXXXX`. Additionally, the variable should be all caps (as that is apart of our style guide).
